# What is aero?

Aero an innovative, first of its kind, interception-based web proxy 2021 is now being open sourced! Aero has the best site compatibility and is the fastest proxy by far. It was created out of the necessity for a web proxy that can scale to millions of users.

# How does it work?

Previously proxies could barely handle more than one person, this was due to all the site's code being rewritten on the backend. Because the code was being rewritten on the backend, it required having to share backend rewrite code with frontend code and the rewrites were done with expensive parsers. Aero takes a different approach by not only completely avoiding rewrites, but also by doing all the rewrites on the frontend. This allows the response times to be O(1) with no speed delay. It does this by intercepting requests through a service worker where the request is routed to the while also injecting important scripts. This prevents the need to hook into code that previously needed to be rewritten to redirect requests saving time and resources. These scripts are where the magic happens: no rewrites! HTML is intercepted and rewritten through a Mutation Observer where important elements are rewritten. In JS, I innovated yet again with Deep Scope Property Checking, where location objects are replaced with a fake location api, and also in the case of the site trying to escape the location scoping bracket property accessors for certain objects are checked using our scope function that evaluates the expression in hopes of intercepting the attempted location call. Additional, I had to integrate scoping into Eval, Function Class, and Reflect hooks. I hope you enjoy using aero on your site!